Thank you for joining us again
tonight.
We're on a Monday,
starting out the week strong
and
ready to pray.
We'll go over some of the
things—let
us know. Braden's been working
with the microphone, seeing if it's
different tonight, if it sounds more
echoey or
whatever. We're trying to
make it sound different;
let us know what you think.
Lighting and all that—he's been working
hard trying different lighting,
different things with the background, and
he's just been busy.
Welcome to the largest prayer group
on the internet. That's what I call
us:
the largest prayer church,
prayer gathering,
whatever you want to call it. I'm
excited. You know, when you
have numbers like the Lord has blessed
us with, it is amazing how many of you
come from all around the world to pray
with us
on a
day-to-day basis.
And so it's exciting to take communion
with that many people. We take communion
with thousands of people every day,
and it's amazing what the Lord is doing.
People are being healed. Last week we
had well over 600 people get born again.
I
give all
the glory to God, ladies and gentlemen,
but I don't know very many YouTube
channels that get over 600 people around
the world born again in a week.
It's amazing to see
what the Lord is doing when we give
an altar call and those
translate
through all the other channels.
We're already at 2,000.
Good evening, everybody. Thank you
for joining us again tonight. We're
going to go over some of the things the
Lord showed us in the last video when I
left you all on Friday and
what I believe is
coming. You know, with the signs of the
times and the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ, there's many people that are
still asleep. There's many people that
are not looking for His return. And we
know Jesus Christ is coming sooner than
later; I just believe it with all my heart.
We're
seeing all these major signs all
around us on a day-to-day basis. Now, you
see it
every day you click on the news or
somebody saying something that is
an acceleration of
the end times. I believe we're on
the cusp of one of the greatest revivals
we've ever seen before in this world:
healings and demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory. Now, I know
there's some of you that come over
here who don't believe in the baptism
of the Holy Ghost; you don't believe
that signs and wonders are for today.
But I'm about to tell you something: I
believe with all my heart that God is a
God of the signs. And He is
wanting to show the signs and
the wonders to this generation like
we've never seen before.
And we're praying that through. We're
going to keep praying and interceding
for the shaking to awaken.
As we were praying this last video on
Friday, the Lord showed us again praying
over America, praying over our president
and the decisions that he's making
concerning China and the alliances
that he's making, and praying for this
shot of stimulus in the arm. Now, this
part of the video I say is for
entertainment purposes only. I'm not a
financial adviser. I'm not here to tell
you what to do with your finances;
that's on you.
I'm only here to tell you what I
believe, my personal opinion of what the
Holy Spirit is showing me.
We're all spiritual adults
here. And if you don't feel like it's the
Lord and you say, 'Brandon, I feel like
you've missed it,'then you know what?
I can miss it.
I'm human. I'm never going to sit here
and say, 'I never miss it.
Brandon Biggs
never misses it.'No, Brandon Biggs can
miss it.
Brandon Biggs is just human, just like
you are,
and we're all just floating down the
river going the best we can.
If we miss
it—like
I've seen some people who
are
prophetic miss it—we show them
grace. You don't beat them up; they're
just human. People get in the emotion of
things, people get hyped up over things,
and in doing so, you get your flesh
involved. And when the flesh is
involved, it's stinky. The flesh is stinky.
Everybody has armpits, and they all stink
if you don't wash them.
When the flesh gets involved, we
stink. But when we are spirit-led and
we're filled with and controlled by the Holy
Ghost the best we can be and say,
'Lord, I yield to the Spirit of God; I
yield to the presence of
God,'when
we do that, I believe that He shows us
that which is to come. And that's what
this channel is all about: to pray over
the things the Lord gives us. We
pray and I believe we can stop things;
some things we cannot.
So when we see things bad happening
like we see in the news sometimes, you
say, 'Well, Brandon, how come we didn't
stop
that?'I
don't know. But whenever He warns us
about things, we do the best we can.
All I know is that whenever they're
talking about the Ebola virus today and
40 people dead, and they're saying the
new Ebola virus is starting to spread
and
this other new virus is coming,
and they're talking about all these
plagues and the pestilence and all these
things, Jesus told us in Matthew 24 we
would
see it.
So are we supposed to be in shock and
awe
when we hear about these things? No.
We know our redemption is drawing nigh
and we're excited because the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ is sooner than
later. All right. So, when the Lord
showed us
in my opinion about the five alien
lizard people,
I saw five alien lizard
people—five
different races.
We see the New York Times come out and say
there's four.
And I told Braden, I said, 'They're
missing
one.'We've
been over and over again.
I told you all the different
leaderships of kings and queens, and over
the course of time, they have
tried to preserve and keep things in
the
secret society under wraps. Well,
we're not going to
let our cross-contamination
trying to preserve this bloodline. Now,
the
New York Post—it's not the New York Times, it's
New York Post: 'Four alien species have
been pulled from crashes, UFOs,
ex-government researcher claims.'Now,
I don't know
who the ex-government
researcher is.
It doesn't say unless I guess Braden
reads the rest of the article,
but it's pretty interesting, huh?
Four. Now, do we believe in aliens? No.
Do we believe it's fallen Nephilim and
fallen angels and
fallen demonic things to snare the
people?
That's what I believe. I don't believe
there's any kind of ET. I don't believe
there's any kind of spaceships out there
that are from
distant far galaxies. I
believe there's
deception coming.
And when this deception comes, this will
explain away the rapture of the church.
There's a lot of people who say—and this
is interesting how divided the body of
Christ is concerning the rapture of the church—there's a lot of you that
believe there is no rapture of the
church. There's a lot of you that
believe
there's a
mid-tribulation,
and then there's
some of you that believe that we go
in the rapture.
I'm on the rapture boat. I don't believe
we're appointed
unto
wrath. I do not believe that God is a
wife beater
and we're the body and the bride
of Christ. I don't believe God's
going to beat His bride.
'Well, the
disciples went through something,
Brandon.'Yes,
but it wasn't the
tribulation.
You are trying to compare what they went
through to the tribulation. No man has
ever seen what's about to happen before.
No man has ever seen what's about to
happen here soon.
We've never seen it in any generation.
Noah had a flood,
but that wasn't the tribulation.
So
that's just what I believe the
Word says. And then the
other part is people believe in
flat-earthers.
People believe in a
round earth. I'm a round earther. I
don't believe the earth is flat. And
I'm not going to sit here and argue with
you about how you think the earth is
flat and the firmament and all that
other stuff. I'm not going to argue
about it. I'm telling you the earth is
round, and that's just what I believe.
If you don't want to believe it,
that's fine, but I don't believe in all
the stuff you believe.
I believe the earth is round.
So people get mad about that,
but we can agree to disagree. There
are
too many other issues that we can talk
about other than this stupid stuff
that you want to argue about.
So let's just keep on saying we
can agree to disagree.
So, we're going to believe God
for the revival and all
that. That's where my focus is for
the great harvest. We can all agree that
Jesus loves us.
We can all agree that we all need to
repent and turn from our wicked ways or
we're not going to make it. We can
all believe that Jesus Christ died
for every single one of us to live a
victorious life.
He doesn't want anyone to perish, but all
come to repentance. John.
We all can believe that. We don't have
to believe on, you know, if you don't want
to believe in the baptism of the Holy
Spirit. Why Tongues by Kenneth E. Hagin,
get the book. If you want to know more
about the baptism of the Holy Spirit,
get this book, Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin. And read it.
There's more scripture in here that
helps you, and it's a short
little read. I think you can find it for
free on YouTube. There's a lady reading
it. It's 31 pages.
So you can read that in like 30
minutes. My wife could read it probably
in 10.
But
learn Why Tongues by Kenneth E. Hagin.
And I believe with all my heart that
tongues is for today.
We are going to pray in tongues in a
little bit, and we're going to pray
over our nation.
We're going to pray over the things that
we believe the Lord is leading us
to pray over. Now,
what did the Lord show us about this
last
video we were together? I saw a darkness
in
fall of 2028. I saw the Olympics. I saw
buildings that were
darkened with just a couple of lights
on.
There wasn't a lot of lights on.
As I saw buildings, it looked
like a darkness on
the trees; there was a darkness. Now, I
believe that was a spiritual darkness.
There's something more to this darkness.
Now,
this was 2028. Now, here we are in
May
2026. And so we have some
time,
but I believe with all my heart
for what the Lord has showed me, in my
opinion, about the virus coming in
fall of 2027.
Fall, late fall, November, December,
January, February, March, April, all
that timeframe to be another kind
of a COVID event
trying to manipulate the elections,
trying to shake things.
I saw a major
breakout of another kind of a virus.
We're seeing birthing pains of it right
now
as you see the people talking about
Ebola.
I said it would be similar to the Black
Death.
Do you have the videos for that?
Trump was saying
he
should be
concerned
about
that.
Okay, now play it.
This is President Trump's
comment on Ebola today.
No, that's not today because that's
Jerome Powell in the background, right?
No. Who is that old man?
Okay.
Can you play it or no?
Concern
about Ebola?
I'm concerned about everything, but
I
certainly am. I think that
it's been confined right now to Africa,
but it's something that has had a
breakout. I could ask Bobby to say
a couple of words about it if you'd
like.
I think Heidi Overton is going to come
up and give us a few words.
Dr. Overton,
thank you.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Today the CDC held a press briefing
that provided a lot of the answers and
information, but we have stood up a full
interagency shorter flight time
for Americans to receive treatment
there in Germany.
For all other Americans, we have
issued travel warnings. We have
instituted just today entry
restrictions for non-US citizens
that have been in the region in the past
21 days, so in Uganda, Democratic
Republic of Congo and South
Sudan. So very serious measures that
have been taken. We are working to
communicate very frequently with
everyone. Your question was, should
Americans be worried? Right now there
are no cases of Ebola in America. We
want to keep it that way and we are
doing everything we can to support
Americans in the region. Thank you, Mr.
President.
So
these are the things the Lord warned us
about.
And
it wasn't Ebola the way I saw it. It was
like the Black Death.
The Lord said it would be similar to the
Black Death clear back in the
1400s that would
spread by rats.
Now Ebola's on the scene and we got
the other
Hantavirus
or whatever it's called.
Hantavirus.
Hantavirus. And so we have these other
viruses.
I believe this is the pre-run
for what's about to come.
I don't believe that we're there yet.
I believe we still have a window. I'm
still believing for the wealth transfer
for the Clarity Act, Save America
Act. There's great things coming.
Now,
when the Lord showed us that President
Trump would have his approval rating
dip all the way to
25%—do
you remember the Lord showed us that
Trump's approval rating would dip to 25%?
And they would try to come out with some
kind of stimulus,
some kind of
morale booster.
So, we're hearing
now—I
don't believe in all these
polls—but
they're saying his approval
rating is down lower than it's ever been
before.
And it's
only 11 points away from
what the Lord showed us.
38% is what some people are saying
his
approval rating is. 37%. So, we're
getting
close.
25 was what we saw.
So, do we get to 25?
I hope not.
I'm trying to tell you all, midterms
are
just a couple months away. It's not
that far.
So, there's much prayer that needs to
be done for
the Senate and the House so that we
maintain them, but I would like to have a
bigger majority.
Believe in God.
There's a lot of things that
we need to get rid of
these RINOs and bring in new
politicians and new faces in the
days ahead.
So yeah, this is Forbes.
So, is it fake news? I don't know.
You know, you got CNN, they tell you
anything. They're just
dark. But
okay,
Friday.
Yeah. So, Kevin is going to be sworn in
on Friday.
He's going to replace Jerome Powell.
Pretty interesting. So, let's see what
he does.
I'm praying that we have great
economic
highs in the name of Jesus to see
some good things. I'm believing God.
We see another
three people getting shot and lost their
lives at an Islamic Center.
Sadly,
we don't want to see anybody get hurt.
So, I don't know who did that or why
they did it, but it sounds like
they went after the Islamic people, did
they?
Yeah, I believe so.
It's in San Diego.
So, it happened today sadly.
Anything else?
And then
Trump
posted
himself and then he had—what
is
that one guy
he posted saying
cancer?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then this I thought was
interesting. JP Morgan's guy
is
saying what we saw
in the spirit concerning the cure for
cancer coming.
The cure for Alzheimer's, the cure for
dementia, the cure for these major
ailments
coming out of AI, that
people would embrace AI instead of push
it away
because they would bring out things that
would attract you and be like, 'Hey,
it's our
friend.'And
that's what they were after. It's
our friend.
And so,
listen to what he says right here.
Picture AI is going to cure cancers and
reduce work weeks, and kids will live
longer, and
planes will be safer, cars will be
safer, and fewer people will die, and
you'll have new drugs. It's going
to be good.
I
picture AI is going to cure cancers and
reduce work weeks, kids will live
longer, planes will be safer,
cars will be safer and fewer people will die,
and
you'll
have new drugs. It's going to
be good. So for
cancer,
new discoveries, new drugs, new
everything.
AI is going to be your friend; remember
that: the new industrial revolution.
That lady said the new
industrial revolution and they all
booed her at that school.
I thought that was interesting. Do you
remember that?
There was somebody there, and they're all
booing her. She was talking
about AI and the new industrial
revolution, whatever.
The whole school started booing her
and I was like, 'Man, this is
pretty interesting.'The younger
generation is rejecting AI because
there are
no jobs and stuff, right?
So they're all freaking out. What are
we going to do? It's taking our jobs.
With those robot people that don't
have to have bathroom breaks,
lunch
breaks,
snack breaks, or
smoke
breaks.
I've seen that.
That's the one that mom
showed me.
This is the moment a
real estate executive was booed at a
University of Central Florida
commencement because she said this: 'The
rise of artificial intelligence
is
the next industrial revolution.'It was the arts,
humanities, and communication schools.
I thought it was interesting because she
said the exact same thing the Holy
Spirit said:
'It is the rise,
the new industrial revolution.'Is it
resolution or revolution? Revolution.
Yes,
I get it mixed up when I say it.
All right,
is that it?
Is that on the news? It's kind of
a slow news day.
President Trump had his
meeting. He's excited about what's going
on with the
economy and the deals he struck with
China
and all that. I'm curious to see
what comes out of that. I'm
more curious if, when they
try to pass this Clarity Act,
I think that's going to be the
biggest breakthrough, praying over this
Clarity Act.
The guy was
talking about the
Harvard guy
and
alien tech.
Play it;
it's only 16 seconds.
And then let's pray.
I've already kept them too long.
In fact, I had visits to my home by
former
members of corporations like Lockheed
Martin who told me that,
as far as they know, they received
unusual things from the US government
that may indicate alien technology.
That's pretty cool.
What kind of technology is
that?
Lasers? Who knows?
I told you they were scanning these
black things with these writings, and
they were scanning it with AI and
trying to find out this dark stuff
that was in these tombs and trying to
have AI decipher it
for
medicines and things like that. It
was in the ancient
Smithsonian and things like that.
I've seen them scanning it with AI.
So, going back
to
2028,
the darkness on the earth.
And then I saw a major attack,
some kind of Red Dawn experience. I saw
a crater in the earth, but
it was a building. It looked like
something similar to Oklahoma City,
to what happened with Timothy McVeigh.
Praying over our major buildings,
praying over New York City, praying over
the buildings on fire, praying over
Trump's children:
Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron,
Don Jr., and Eric. Praying over the
family, praying over his marriage,
praying over him to stay strong.
They were saying that on the
flight back home from China, he only got
two
hours of sleep the whole time.
For an 80-year-old man, he is
running hard. Two hours of sleep. Your body
has to have more rest than that.
He's pushing so
hard that
it's
incredible
the rate that he's going at.
It's almost supernatural
for anybody to keep going at 80
years old. My grandmother is 80
or
and she takes a nap four or five
times a day.
They fall asleep all day long.
But as I
saw that, I saw patriotism coming
across America. People were
saying,
'I'm proud to be an American,'and
there were
a lot of trucks with flags like in
the South,
flags on the big
trucks,
and they go down Main Street blowing a
flag on their truck.
A lot of
the rednecks put the big flags
on and they run down the
street, and it's fun
to watch. There's a patriotism; people
are excited to be American. I saw a
shaking like it was with 9/11,
how there was a lot of patriotism and
people were all singing and
coming together, digging
through
the rubble and trying to find people.
This was the same
kind of vibe.
So we're going to pray over our nation,
President
Trump,
and
jewelry.
Praying over what I saw about the
stones.
Now, I thought this was interesting.
Right after we prayed about Trump
receiving jewelry from nations
concerning the 250 years,
South Korea gives him jewelry.
South Korea gave him a major gift
when he went there today. They gave him some kind of jewelry. I believe it was either them or
China.
But they gave him some kind of jewelry
and he was real excited about it.
It was a gift and it was
jewelry, just like the Lord is showing
us. It's about the 250 years.
He said he's going to help
South Korea build a nuclear sub.
Am I dreaming this?
Maybe not.
But if so, we'll just talk about
it tomorrow.
Hopefully, your week's
been good.
Believing
God for rain. We've got to
pray over the rain right off the bat.
We've
got to break the drought. The farmers
need it for the wheat here in
America. We need rain. Not
destructive hailstorms and tornadoes,
but rain, good toad-strangling rain
in the state and all around from Alabama
to Florida to Georgia.
Everybody needs some rain.
Texas needs rain
badly,
the ranchers and the farmers.
So we're going to pray over that
tonight. We're going to pray over
the
weather and your
finances. Let's pray over all the things
that you're believing God for. Like
I
always say, there's an expiration date to
what you've been believing for.
There it is. This is what the
Lord says: 'There is no water. There is
no water. There is no water.'I heard it
three times. And the Lord said,
'Drought.'And
I saw a dust bowl coming,
a new dust bowl.
And the farmers'tractors weren't
working for some reason.
I could see across Texas and Oklahoma;
it was great drought conditions and
very, very hot summers.
And there is burning.
Where's that, son? Texas. This is Texas.
What part?
The
Texas Panhandle.
And
all the Lubbock area, all
up there is dry—very dry—and
it is
all burning up.
The ranchers are in trouble if they do
not
get some rain, so let's pray for
rain. Let's pray not just for a couple
of inches; let's pray for it to be
gully washers
filling up our ponds, our streams, and our
rivers with rain.
So, we
are
going to do that. We
going to pray over our election.
We are
going to pray over what else? I
will
pray for your
health or whatever, however the Holy
Spirit leads us. Did I cover everything
from the last video?
I believe it was, because it
was a good video. There were a lot
of things there. It was just a dark
video;
the things the Lord showed me. It is just
sad. Some of it is darkness. It is 2028. We
are
praying over it, but getting to that
point for the next Shemitah cycle. And one of
our asks was,
'When is the Shemitah
cycle?'And
it was in September of
2028.
What was interesting was
the Olympics is in July.
So Father, we just thank You
for this time of prayer together. Father,
we thank You, Lord, that we are
anticipating Your goodness and Your
mercy.
Father, we are so grateful for all that You
have
done so far
in
the last several weeks,
that we see a turnaround in
things. We can feel it there. I have an
anticipation
for the manifestations of the glory
concerning the end times. Where are we
with the signs of the times and the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ? President Trump
is
talking about liberating Cuba
and going after
these evil people, these evildoers in
Cuba,
the Castros. And then we see
U.S. attack drones
threat from Cuba. So, we know that they—I
did not
realize they had drones. I did
not
either.
So, we do not want that
on our boats. Hey, do you remember the
boats? And I saw them coming out in the
Caribbean, and I saw the boats with
Royal Caribbean and
Carnival boats, and they were
putting—with
a black boat—they would go up
beside a cruise ship and put the
explosive device as quickly as they
could and go off. And it was all down
there by Cuba. They were putting
explosive devices on the boats.
Now they are showing oil tankers.
It was off Key West. That is what
they are saying. In
Key West,
the cruise
ships—and
people say, 'Why would they do
that?'And
I say, 'Well, they were trying to
mess with the economy, trying to bring
fear.'And
I saw drug cartels and people getting
really upset in the days ahead
coming out of Venezuela in these areas,
Cuba, and they were putting the explosives
on
there. And I remember even a
guy that was working on some guttering,
the French drains.
And he said to me,
'I was going on a trip to Cuba.'This
was
back several years ago. And
he said, 'I was going on a trip to Cuba
and I was going to go down in that
area, but I am canceling
it because I have such a caution.'And
I am
just telling you by the Spirit of God, there
is
something more about this.
Praying over these boats, praying over
these major shakings to awaken
the boats.
So, we are going to continue to pray over
that. It is very serious,
praying over the cruise ships. And you saw
jammers. You saw Starlink.
Oh yes, I saw jammers jamming up the
Starlink.
Jamming up Starlink's
911.
Jamming up
cell phones for Starlink
because I saw Starlink going to be
used and I saw it would be hard to get,
and it was for Best Buy and these
other places. But as they were bringing
forth the jammers, AT&T
was not
working. And you know what
is
interesting? I did not see that it was
T-Mobile.
I just saw
AT&T.
Now, there are some people who say, 'I
work for AT&T and that would never
happen.'I
do
not
know; I am just telling you
what I saw,
but you were not able to talk
because of some kind of
911—so
I was seeing that there was no
way to get a hold of 911.
So,
interesting to me. We
will
continue to pray over this.
The jammers are what they call them.
And then you saw the
hornet
with five stars on its shoulder.
He had blue eyes,
a light blue with a black
ring inside there.
And he had a Green Beret-looking hat on.
He was mad as a hornet as his
tail was
positioned in a stinging position
concerning the President
and a five-star. Well, we do not have
five-star generals now in the military.
We had them back in Vietnam, from what I
understood, and World War II,
if I understand that correctly.
And it was back when Kennedy was in
office, from what I understand.
Everything was going around
the Kennedy curse,
the Kennedys,
and
how he was taken
out—in
my opinion—it does not matter.
You know,
people getting all kinds of mysterious
weirdness about stuff with Q
and all this other stuff. And I do
not
get into all
those
conspiracy theories. I see what I see
and I go by it. And people say, 'Well,
Brandon, what are you seeing?'Well, I
see drones. I see these things being
used. I see to pray over Trump's
kids,
to intercede for their protection, to
intercede for our nation. So, and that
is
what we will continue to do.
Cash for clunkers. Oh,
cash for clunkers, because I saw Ford
was in trouble.
I saw Ford and I saw there was a
stimulus of $24 billion
coming—$24
billion. And I saw for GMC and Chevrolet
that the people were not buying new
trucks,
F-150s. They were not buying them in the
days ahead. There was nobody going out
and buying brand new F-150s and
Chevrolets—not
Tahoes,
you know, their whatever they have,
the Chevys.
So there was—they were asking for
a
stimulus like it was for Cash for
Clunkers back in the early 2000s
when Obama first became president, and you
gave your old truck and they would want to
give you so much money
off your taxes or whatever for
buying another truck.
So I saw another attempt to stimulate
the economy with some kind of buyback
with a payout to the auto industries
in the days ahead.
And I saw the number $24 billion.
It
is
a lot of money.
So, all right.
We
will
continue to pray over things.
Father, we just thank You
for all that You have done. Again, I just
thank You. And we thank You for Your
body. We thank You, Lord, for how much You
have
done for us. That by Your stripes, we
are
healed.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that
You were wounded for our
transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon You.
And with Your stripes, we are healed.
Lord, we receive it. And we believe that
today is the expiration date for what we
are
believing for.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, that You
forgive us of our sins. As we
confess our sins, You are faithful and
just to forgive us of our sins and
cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
And we thank You, Lord, that we
are
cleansed. We are healed and whole and
well, and we do not have to be underneath
the curse of the law. According to Galatians
3,
Christ has redeemed us from the
curse of the law. And we believe, we
receive in
Jesus'name.
We take the blood,
Lord. We plead the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. The blood never loses
its power.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You for the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus
over the house, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force.
And we are so grateful, Father, that You
have
called us to the kingdom for such
a time as this.
We yield to the anointing of the
Watcher. We yield to the anointing of
the prophetic. We yield to whatever you
want us to see or hear.
We thank you, Lord. We can't do this
without you. Never could.
We are totally trusting
confidently in you.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you, Father, for the blood. Thank
you, Father,
for the
blood.
He wants to bring rest to your weary
soul.
Rest
in the midst of the hard times and
trials and tribulations of your life. He
brings rest in
your
financial
difficulties and sickness in your body.
You may have gotten a bad report today
at the doctor's office and they're
telling you you got this many days to
live.
Peace over you,
peace so that you can lay your head
because Jesus is a healer.
It ain't over until it's over.
It is not over until it's over.
I believe that by his stripes, you're
healed.
Regardless of what the doctor says or
the boss may have told you
today or whatever you're going through,
there's always—all things are
possible to him who
believes,
and it may look like the darkest hour of
your life and you're thinking, 'Brandon,
there's my daughter or my son or
whatever. I've got all these bad
reports. They're in drugs. They're in
alcohol. They're in all this perversion
and I don't know.'Thank you, son. I
don't know how I'm going to get through
it, Brandon.
All I know is that Jesus is
there and he is an ever-present help in
a time of need.
And he knows your needs better than you
know your past. He knows what you need.
He knows everything before you even ask
for it.
And we just take
our care out of our prayer of all the
things that we need and go, 'God, I
just have to roll this over onto
you.'No
matter what kind of doctor, no matter what
kind of bill you got in the mail, no
matter what kind of bad report you got,
we can take the care out of our prayer
and we totally are confidently
relying on you
knowing that you have the finished work
at hand.
It's done.
And we believe, Father, that things are
subject to change.
And Father, what the devil meant for
bad, God, you're going to turn it around
for good
and we take this blood right now in
Jesus'name.
We're so grateful,
Father, for all that you've done.
You know
what's amazing
also is we had that prayer
gathering yesterday.
And there was no badness. We had all
complete worship. People were
excited. All kinds of different tribes
and tongues, every—so many different
tents is what you want to call them,
came to Washington yesterday and they
were praying over America, rededicating,
praying over things. There was a lot of
cool preachers there preaching
and saying things.
Some of them should have had more
time and some of them should have had
less.
But we're like, 'Get off the
stage.'But
it was good.
Listen to this one right here. I want
you to listen to this one.
You just had him on
there
right
here.
This got me so excited.
I personally know this man.
His
pastor
Guillermo. I probably butcher his name
all the time.
I'm not good with names. I apologize,
sir.
Guillermo
Maldonado.
Ladies and gentlemen, please
welcome to the stage Apostle Guillermo
Maldonado.
This man is on fire for Jesus.
Good afternoon everybody. I'm going to
ask you to stand for a moment.
Would you stand for a moment?
And I'm going to ask you a question.
How many of you
have seen, experienced, or
believe a miracle?
Awesome.
So before I finish my part, I'm going
to pray for you.
I have witnessed so many hundreds and
thousands of
miracles—physical
miracles, miracles of
protection, miracles of healing, all
kinds of miracles—and the most
important, the miracle of the heart. So
I just want to mention this and what the
Bible says. The Bible is a book of
miracles.
So from Genesis to Revelation because
God is a supernatural almighty El
Shaddai, mighty God.
So many people today say the miracles
are something of the past.
But I declare what the Bible says. God
still works miracles. He has not
changed. Can you put your hands together
and give Jesus a big praise?
He has not changed. He is the same
yesterday, today and forever. He used
to do miracles before. He's doing
miracles now and he will do in the
future.
So we never intended to be
bound to this natural
dimension. We need to take the limits
off
of God. If you're confronting something in
your life that is impossible, I want to
remind you that you need to take the
limits off of God. Your God is mighty.
Your God is powerful.
We don't have to live defeated, hopeless
when we're facing hardship on earth. We
reach out into God's supernatural power.
He has no limit. Nothing is impossible
for him. All things are possible for
God.
So if you came today with a need, if
you need a miracle in your life, today
this is the moment. God's power goes
above and beyond any impossible
circumstances in your life. Above and
beyond impossible human
abilities. Above and beyond other
powers. God's power is limitless,
eternal, miracle-working power that
overcomes anything and everything.
America, in this 250 years, we make a
call to return to this
miracle-working God, miracle God,
almighty God, powerful God who sent his
son Jesus to earth to die for our sins.
There's the two greatest
needs
of
America—number
one, the need of a spiritual
awakening, and the need of a spiritual
revival.
We have the need of revival. We have the
need of a spiritual awakening. There
is
no revival without repentance. And
today I'm going to mention to you,
bow your heads where you are and we're
going to do a prayer of repentance. Any
personal sin in your life, any sin
of the nation, we're going to
ask God, and we're going to close
our
eyes in a sign of reverence to God.
And we're going to say, 'God, we come in
this 250 years and we repent before
you. We ask you to cleanse us with your
blood. We humble ourselves and we
recognize the need of you. We need you,
Lord. Help us today. Cleanse us with the
blood of Jesus.'And the Bible says,
'Repent and be converted for you to have
times of refreshing from the presence of
God.'There's
no revival without
repentance. If you want your life to be
changed and to be alive for Jesus,
we need to repent. God's power is above
and beyond impossible circumstances; it
is
above and beyond human abilities.
God's power today is available for you.
And I will say something very powerful
here today before I finish.
Please, I would love for you to join me
in a prayer. If you need a prayer, if
you need something in your body, in your
mind, in your family, your children, if
you say, 'Do you believe in miracles? If
you believe in miracles, let's believe
together.'Bow
your heads and let's
pray. Father, in the name of the Lord
Jesus Christ, we come before you.
There's a lot of you people here today
that need a miracle. And I release from
here healing, deliverance, miracles in
their mind, and their heart and their
children and their family. Father, above
all those people that need peace in
their mind, they're struggling with
depression. They're struggling with
things in their life, Father. And we
pray today that your power, your healing
power, your healing deliverance come
upon them. Father, we ask you today and
we proclaim that you have not finished
with America. I declare that Jesus is
the Lord and King upon America.
America, you must be revived and
awakened.
Jesus is coming soon and I
declare revival. I declare revival and
awakening. I want you to lift your hands
where you are and I will release over
your life personal revival. Revival
starts with you. You want your life to
be in a spiritual revival and awakening.
Father, in the name of Jesus, I pray for
your revival in every person as you
release healing, deliverance, as you
release peace and transformation. I pray
today Lord that you have not finished
with America and the greatest revival we
ever seen. I declare from this platform
in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ,
Maranatha! Jesus
is coming back. God bless you.
That's excellent.
There was a spark there. That was
some fire right there. Boy, I
thought it was exciting. I said, "All
we need is a little bit of a spark to
get this going."And this is what I'm
talking about. There were so many there
who
were
praying. It was a beautiful stage
for the rededication of the 250
years. I thought it was great. President
Trump wasn't there, I don't believe, but
I think you played that one
clip at the end that he did. Remember,
there
was a turn from...
But there was a lot of worship. It
lasted for like eight hours. Yeah,
there's Jentezen Franklin
in
the house and there are a lot of people
there.
Some of these people I don't even know who
they are, but
there was the Jesus
actor from "The
Chosen."Oh,
that's Duck Dynasty.
Where's
she?
I don't know anybody else.
All right. I get excited when
I see people out praying. There
are
several thousands of people
there. I don't know how many—10,000 or
more.
Looks like it. I mean, not right there
in that shot, but
in the whole
shot.
In all of it, there were a lot of people
there
in
the crowd shots. Yeah, there
are
a lot of people there,
for sure.
Could have been more.
Father, we just thank you
for the rebirthing of America.
We're so thankful, Father, for your hand
on our nation. We're so thankful,
Father, for all that you've done and all
that you continue to do to revive
America. Father, we
will see the greatest harvest of souls
this world has ever seen before.
We're so thankful, Father,
that we will not be that
goat nation, but that we will remain a sheep
nation.
Father, it starts
with us. Revival starts with us.
Father, we are the light in
the world. We're the light in the
marketplace, we're the light in the
Walmarts or wherever we may be. And
Father, when people see us,
they see the anointing on us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we arise
and shine, for the light has come and the
glory of the Lord has risen upon us.
We're so grateful, Father,
for what you've done so far to
stir it up with this crowd.
Father, this has to be just the very
beginning of a spark.
We need a lot more.
I thank you, Father,
that this is not the end. This is just
the beginning.
But Father, it starts from here.
And we give you praise and glory and
honor, Father, for the beginning of a
new era of time, for a supernatural
revival, Father, better than Jack Coe,
William Branham,
Kathryn Kuhlman,
A.A. Allen, Oral Roberts,
Kenneth E. Hagin,
and on and on and on.
But Father, the tent revivals are back.
We bring the tent revival back.
But not just tents this time; we
would
fill up stadiums.
Stadiums filled with the glory.
Stadiums filled with the presence of
God.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the rain.
We thank you, Father, for the rain. We
call in rain from the north, the south,
the east, the west,
over every area of our nation
and over Australia, over Africa. The
places where they keep saying,
"Brandon,
we need rain,
too."We
call in the rain.
Father, if the drought is from
sin in our nation,
we repent.
We repent, Lord, for the drought.
We break the drought over our nation so
that we'll
have water.
What is that? A
seed.
As a nation, as a whole, we repent.
If my people who are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and turn
from their wicked ways,
you said you would heal our land.
Our land needs healing, Lord.
Father, as a group tonight, we
repent
and turn from our wicked ways
as a nation.
If my people...
and Father, we believe for rain over our
areas. Rain in the name of Jesus. We
call in over three, four, five inches of
rain.
Rain, come now in
Jesus'name.
Over the panhandle,
over Colorado,
over Utah, over Idaho, over California,
over Mexico, over
Arizona. I mean all through this area.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
rain
over Arkansas and Louisiana.
Lord, the southern states, we're calling
in the rain.
Kansas, Nebraska,
we call in the rain.
I
hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
We speak to the drought. We
command it to break in the name of
Jesus. We make a heavy dent in the
drought.
Lord, rain come now
in Jesus'name.
Low-pressure
systems come in off of the
Pacific. We call you rain; come forth
now in Jesus'name. No more drought. We
break the
drought
in
Jesus'name.
Every wall,
every obstacle
for weather manipulation and weather
modification, we take authority over it
now in Jesus'name. With the chemtrails
in the sky,
I see the chemtrails. I see the spraying
of the sky.
I hear the sound of
an abundance of rain. We call it in in
the name of Jesus.
Push!
We push
the weather.
Rain,
rain in
Jesus'name.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood
of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood
of Jesus.
Oh,
precious
is the flow
that makes me white as snow.
No
other
fount
I know;
it's nothing but the blood
of Jesus.
Oh
Father,
the blood that washes away our sins, the
blood that makes us whole again.
Father, as a nation,
we apply the blood.
I'm going to tell you what I see:
the highway that goes up through
Lubbock and goes up through Amarillo.
There's a highway there. There's a major
highway that goes up through Lubbock
to Amarillo and then goes out, and you go
to Colorado Springs or Oklahoma City. You
can go that way.
On
this highway,
I see there's a hotel
in
the Lubbock area,
and I see sex trafficking going on
there.
I see sex trafficking with young girls.
This is
a highway for sex
trafficking coming up through there.
It's coming up through El
Paso,
going up to
Amarillo and going out this way. It's
not all going through Dallas.
So,
we call for an exposing.
We call for
it
to
be
exposed now in
Jesus'name.
Now I'm seeing
PTSD being dealt with through military...
This is covering. You
are
dealing with this
big time
with PTSD.
It's at the brain. They're even talking
about doing shocks on your brain,
like electric
shocks.
And the Lord wants to set you free
tonight.
You've been on so
much medication. They're trying to
use
alternate sources like shock therapies.
And the Lord wants to set you free
today
from this PTSD
and
electric shock therapy.
You keep having flashbacks
of
a roadside bomb.
You're in a Hummer.
I see a Hummer. You're driving and you
have flashbacks
of those who were around
you who passed away.
Friends—one
was a black man.
Don't make this so
specific. If you are believing for this
for
yourself
and you say, "Brandon, I don't know
about that particular
thing you're calling out, but I'm having
these issues,"don't say, "Well, that
doesn't
belong to me."Yes, claim it for you, too.
I'm seeing a particular
individual
and then I'm believing with you also.
So don't say, "Well, it's not for
me."No.
The Lord wants to set you free
tonight.
All soldiers, as we get ready for
Memorial Weekend,
do you hear me?
As we get ready for Memorial Weekend
for the fallen,
the Lord wants to set you free.
The Lord wants to set you free as you
get ready to go into Memorial Weekend.
We call in restoration.
We call in restoration for the
torment that has been on them. We
command it to go now in Jesus'name.
You'll
not contemplate taking your
life. We take authority over the spirit
of suicide and self-harm. We break your
power in Jesus'name. We will not stand
for any of
our wounded veterans or the ones that
are battling this kind of stuff.
We say you will not stand alone. We
stand with you and pray for you. And we
believe that today is the day of
your freedom.
As you fought for our freedom, we
believe for your freedom.
For whom the Son has set free is free
indeed.
We call healing and wholeness and
wellness over your brain, over the
hormones of your body. All the bad
memories and the things that you've been
tormented by, we break this off of you
in Jesus'name. We call healing. And this
is even concerning fallen police
officers.
I see concerning police officers, people
who have been tormented by losing
partners in the service, seeing your
deputies and people that have been
slain by the hand of the wicked, and
you've been tormented, and
the Lord said today is
the day of your expiration date for this
torment.
Jesus Christ is setting you free.
Take it no more.
Yield to the anointing of the healing
power of God flowing through
your mind right now, flowing
through
your body, erasing those
things: the torment and the night
sweats.
Be healed and whole and well in the
mighty name of Jesus. He said
tonight's your night for your victory.
I see this: You were in a very
abusive relationship. And this is the
same kind of pattern of
this PTSD.
It's like from an abusive spouse
and you have flashbacks of this man
beating you, continually beating you, and
you keep having nightmares, and it's
torment to the point where you can't
even go on and have another relationship
after this man has been so physically
abusive to you for so long,
but you're not with him
anymore.
And God wants to bring a great
restoration
from that demonic abuse that
you went through.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to
walk in victory over this torment.
It was sexual abuse. It was physical
abuse. It was
even rape.
This was rape.
And the Lord set you free.
So much baggage, so much trauma of the
soul.
Jesus wants to set you free from it.
We believe, we receive, we pray over
every single one of them tonight.
Freedom over their minds. Holy Spirit,
freedom over their minds in the name of
Jesus.
Some of you are weeping. I see you
crying because you feel it.
It's like a purging as you're crying, as
you're purging, as you're weeping. And
the Lord is setting you free
of this bondage. It's been a yoke of
bondage. It's like a band
that's been around your mind, it's been
around your thinking, and the Lord is
setting you free. Angels of the Lord,
manifest and take it off now in
Jesus'name.
Taking those rods, taking those iron
bonds,
it's like an iron that's been
wrapped around you. We break the irons.
We break the strongholds. We come
against it in
Jesus'name.
Let them go.
Torment no more. Let
them go in
Jesus'name.
Be free from the
torment. Be free from mind struggles.
A cleansing.
And
this
has
even affected your
testosterone.
There's something with your testosterone,
sir, and the prostate and the
way your body produces with hormone
imbalances.
With the testicle
and how it's
communicating to the pituitary gland.
There's things that are communicating. I see the
pituitary gland.
It's something
with the brain up here. Then it sends the
signal
to the hormones
and the thyroid.
It's related to the testosterone
and
some of the hormones of what's going on
with the PTSD. Some of it's going on with
your testosterone
and
the hormone imbalances.
I see
God
restoring back hormones.
Paradigm.
Thank you, Lord,
for
restoration.
Thank you, Lord, for
the
restoring.
That You're not finished with them yet. The
best is
yet
to come.
Greater things are yet to be done in
your life. Greater things are yet to
come.
A restoring of what the cankerworm ate.
We call healing and wholeness and
wellness over your body in the name of
Jesus.
There's one lady, she tried to have
baby after baby, but you're
so afraid of having a miscarriage that
it's paralyzed you with fear.
You want to have a baby, but you're so
afraid because
you feel you've had so many
miscarriages. You say, 'I don't even want
to try anymore because of the pain that
I keep suffering after losing baby after
baby.'I
see a chain of
events
and you have so many miscarriages of the
hormones that are off.
And you say, 'I don't want to
have
anymore.
I don't want to try anymore. I
can't even do it. I can't suffer. The
pain of this is too
much.'God
wants to deal with that pain.
God wants to deal with the sorrow of the
grieving of losing children.
God wants to take away that pain and
that bondage from losing so many babies.
You've been underneath this torment
for too long.
And it's bringing depression over you.
And it's even affecting your marriage
to the point where you don't even know
if
you can stand being around each
other because the torment of this is
driving you almost insane
because the devil keeps
messing with your mind. And I see this
torment on you continually.
And the Lord wants to set
you free, lady.
The pain is so deep in
you.
And the Lord wants to
set you free
and
deliver them from the pain
of
the sorrow of this.
We break word curses. We break a word
curse from abortions that took place.
I see abortions and some of you took
this and they opened a door
through this abortion.
And there's a demonic spirit that set
in in your uterus.
You have a demonic spirit after this
abortion.
And there's been an attack
on your babies ever since to get
pregnant. And it's an attack and
there's
been a demonic spirit that
has
attached itself to the uterus after the
abortion that you had
in
your younger years.
Repent and move on.
We command that devil to let them go in
the name of Jesus. Let her go.
Come out
in
Jesus'name.
Repent and move on.
It's had a stronghold.
Lord says some of this comes out by
prayer and fasting.
We command
you to come out
in
Jesus'name.
Yeah, it let go of one ovary. I
see you
let go of one ovary
and you
feel that on your
right-hand
side.
We call healing and wholeness and
wellness in the name of Jesus. And if
this is you and you feel
this word of knowledge is
for you, you say Brandon, you don't
have to tell nobody your business
in the chat, but email my
wife and let her know.
Email my wife and we're going to
continue to stand with you for the healing and the deliverance of all
this.
Healed, whole, and in wellness.
Now I see a root of poverty
that is on
people,
and you just seem
unable
to get ahead.
You get set
back repeatedly
and you just get a little
bit further and then
you
take steps back.
You've had setback
after
setback,
and you say, 'Why does it seem like this
bad luck follows me around?'The
Lord says,
'Start declaring out of your
mouth: I am free.
I
am
free from the setback. For
whom the Son has set free is free
indeed.
I am free.'Your mountain has
to hear your voice. You've been saying
it out of your mouth, 'I'm always having
these setbacks.'What you're saying
is
derailing you.
It's been a demonic assignment on you,
but it's got a stronghold because you
keep speaking it and declaring it
over your life.
Start speaking to your mountain and it will
hear
your voice: 'I
am
free. I
delivered from poverty, lack,
and barely getting by.
I'm delivered according to Deuteronomy
28.
I'm delivered and I'm
under
the
blessing.'God
always comes through for me;
God always provides for me.
I've got another job, a better job
coming.
I've got creative ideas coming.
I'm calling those things that be not as
though they were.
You may not in the natural see the
manifestation of what you're believing
for the first week.
Speak it, believe it, and say it out of your
mouth: 'I am free. I
am blessed.'You
start saying, 'I have
too
high of
an electric bill. It's summertime,
it always is
high.'Well,
it's nice to be cool,
but God, you're going to provide for my
electric bill
and
my water bill.
Say it out of your mouth: 'I'm
going to get out of
this.'Government
assistance is not enough;
I've got to have more than
enough
to do what God has called me
to do,
not just getting by on food stamps.
Father, I thank
you for government
assistance,
but God, I thank you that this is not your
best
for my life. We
will break out of this in
Jesus'name.
Say that: 'I'm going to get out of this.
I'm going to get a better job,
find a good job,
or start my own
company.'You
follow the voice of the
Lord for your life.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store. We give you praise. We thank you,
Jesus. In the
name of
Jesus,
we
thank you, Lord.
I sing praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for
your name
is great
and greatly
to be praised.
Okay, we're going to pray
over there. How long ago did I
pray about the
boats?
Do you remember the last time I
brought them up
when
I talked about
Steve working on
the gutters?
No, I'm talking about the
cruise ships.
Back in December,
actually.
That's when you first saw it—January, something like that. No,
it's been well over a year ago.
If you can find that, I want to see that
clip.
I need that clip; I want to hear what
the
Lord said.
But I'll just keep praying over
it.
Father, we take authority
over our boats,
and we thank you, Lord,
right now in the name of Jesus that
for
every boat in the Caribbean, there
will
not be any kind of
bombs, drones,
or
any kind of attack
against our cruise ships
or our
boats in the ports:
Royal Caribbean, Carnival, Princess,
all our boats.
We thank you, Lord,
that you are protecting our cruise ships
from any kind of attacks.
We come against it in the name of Jesus.
Do you remember, baby?
When was this? This was
December
of 2025. That was the last time I saw
it,
December 9th.
I thought I saw it last fall.
So December 9th is when we saw
about the boats.
October 1st,
I saw the glory; remember
the
revival breaking out on the
boat?
So play that
because
we're in that
timeframe
now—December
6th of last year.
We're in May now,
so this is when we started seeing about
the boats, praying over the boats:
Royal Caribbean
and
Carnival.
Do you have it?
I
want
to hear it.
Father, we thank you.
But the Lord said this is not
through
vice
on a river;
they were coming up
the Caribbean.
Cruise ships, not Mediterranean.
The cruise ships are down by
Jamaica and all those areas.
As they were
going, I saw a speedboat,
like an
inflatable boat.
It was a
black boat
that looked like something
the military
would use on a river.
They were coming up beside the
cruise ship, and they had some sticky
substance and slapped this briefcase-sized device
on the side of
the
ship.
As they were going away, they
had a remote detonator
and they detonated the cruise ship.
I saw Royal Caribbean on the side of
the boat.
But the Lord said, 'This is not drug
cartel; this is an act of war from
Venezuela for an escalation of things
concerning their
country.'So
it's Venezuela.
Whenever I'm seeing about these boats, I feel the urgency
to pray over them
because
that was Venezuela in that vision.
Father, we thank you
over Cuba, over Venezuela, over the
act of war.
It could be I missed it
about who it
is—Venezuela,
it could be Cuba.
All
I saw was a 'C'down there. This
is
the
danger
of adding to
or
taking away from anything.
What if it's not Venezuela? It could
be Cuba. But
I feel the
urgency to pray over
cruise ships. Would that involve
oil tankers? I don't know,
but
we
continue to
intercede.
Father, I thank you.
I remember
the guy
working on the
French drain
said, 'I'm not going on a cruise
ship
because
of
that
vision.'And
then he ended up going.
Braden,
it all goes together.
The pressure of it and the
time goes by so fast. That was December,
not even five months ago.
Father, I
thank you
that you deliver the boats.
Thank you for our oil tankers;
all our major oil boats are
in the Gulf and the Mediterranean.
Is that right? Yeah. The Caribbean.
Not Mediterranean.
The Caribbean.
All where the boats are. Jamaica, all
the areas. Father, I thank you, Lord,
for supernatural protection over our oil
tankers and our boats. When we go to
liberate Cuba,
when they go to liberate Cuba, Father,
it will be effortless.
That there'll be major revival in Cuba
in Jesus name.
A major revival in Cuba. A
major
revival in
Cuba.
in Jesus name.
Thank you father for the major revival
in Cuba
for liberating them
in Jesus name. Liberation comes.
Liberation comes to the people of Cuba.
Let's pray.
time.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord.
No boats go down.
What's that, honey?
Oh, you're talking about Cuban
industry.
Yeah.
That's fine. I've already That's not
what I'm talking about. I just having
that the protection over the boats is
what I was going with tonight.
Thank you, Father.
Protecting the boats, protecting the the
the the major boats in Jesus name from
the mules.
We pray over the mules to go down. We
pray over the drug cartels to go down.
We thank you Lord from the
trafficking again that was from
El Paso going up through
Leach.
Father we call an exposing over the
trafficking in Jesus name
that it will not keep taking place with
these young people.
We thank you Jesus.
Father, we thank you Lord for exposing
the darkness in Amarillo, exposing the
darkness in Leach. We expose the
darkness on that highway
in Jesus name.
I don't believe Abalene would go through
there.
Go down there. The
Abalene's
there to go up through that way. I think
it's too far over.
We call a a
a deliverance even over these areas,
Father, that there will be a people
found and brought home safely.
Brought home safely in
Jesus'name.
It's the cleansing of this.
That's what's happening. I see this. It
goes for again in the triangle with
Claudia
Scheinbaum
to Cuba, to Venezuela, to Colombia,
like the triangle
of the trafficking and the drugs.
It's the blind. It's the turning of the
head from the blinded eye from
corrupt law enforcement.
A silver lining.
We call exposing. We call Father a
deliverance over this in Jesus name.
We believe, Father, that your hand is on
this nation,
that the fentanyl will stop,
the the drug trafficking stops.
It's already went down so much.
But these underground tunnels,
the underground tunnels to be found.
This is interesting. Cattle trucks with
cattle.
Smuggling people with cattle trucks.
I see a cattle truck.
It's like a secret compartment.
I wonder if we do that.
Do you know you know those cattle
trucks that stink when you go down the
highway
with the air holes on the side?
Yeah.
I see there's like a platform,
like a thing with the cattle, like
there's a transportation but they have
them laying down.
Their bodies are
down there, to keep them
protected, to smuggle these people.
That may sound way out there,
but it's like I can see the air hole
vents
knowing where to go
through.
Paid to keep your eyes turned.
Huh?
That's what I'm seeing.
It's
in
Mexico.
It
looks like cattle trucks
to me.
Father, I thank you. Whatever I'm seeing,
you expose it.
What is that?
I thank you, Father.
Look at that.
That's it right there. You see
his
cattle trucks, and he said
to the top like...
Yes ! That's it right there.
They're hiding them in there.
Do you see that?
They're hiding them down here.
But they're not up top like that.
I saw them making them like little
slivers. There's a gap
enough for somebody underneath there,
but they had them laying on their backs
in the cattle truck.
Do you understand? There's like a
compartment
and they are hiding the
people in
it.
They're not standing up like that.
I saw him laying down.
That's
very sad.
That's a cattle. You see it?
It's even the same color,
right?
Yes. So, they're doing it over again.
So, whatever this is with the the gap,
there's a gap and they're hiding the
bodies in there with a false
floor,
and they're laying them down somehow.
And it makes it look like it's thin, but
it's actually thicker at the bottom
where the wheels go, to put the body. So,
you couldn't be fat and fit in there.
It's for teenagers,
young people. They
were
stacking them in there. And I saw
it was like a secret floor. It was a secret floor.
We just thank you, Father.
We call them
exposed.
Where'd
you find that?
Betsy
border protection.
So the vision lines up.
So, they're hiding them
in these
things.
These traffickers.
The traffickers,
we call them out. We call the
traffickers to be found out.
We call them exposed.
We call the trafficking to stop.
We call it healed. We call the people
healed.
It's so hot.
It's like they're
getting too hot.
I see an individual. I see this young
girl.
She looks like a Hispanic young
Oh,
she's crying.
Oh, father.
This is interesting to me.
Does the
Rio Grande go clear
across, son ? Does the whole Rio Grand go clear across Texas all the way across all the
states below? Does it separate
every state?
Is it more shallow in other areas?
There's a reason I'm asking this.
So, where I'm seeing it in Mexico,
they're coming up through Mexico where
the Rio Grande is not. Do you hear me?
It's up, right through there.
You know what I'm talking about.
I hear it again.
They're coming up through the land,
on like ranchers properties.
They're not crossing the Rio Grande.
They're coming up through the land.
That's why I said it's hot.
I haven't heard
anymore
about the border wall.
I wonder if Trump's even going to do any
more about that border wall. That was a
big deal and nobody's talking about it
anymore.
What happened to the border wall?
The Lord said, "I can
tell you in detail what that little
girl look like. She had a tank top on.
White looked like one of those old
white muscle tops. Had no arms. It
was white with a scoop neck. She
had a skirt on to her knees and she
looked like her hair was black. She had
bangs and it went down to the middle
of
her shoulders. She was about 12
years old.
She probably was
middleweight. She wasn't skinny.
She wasn't real fat. She
looked to me that her cheeks were
full.
I'm telling you what the the girl looked
like,
but it was a
really thin white shirt with straps.
Looked
like a tank top.
I can see it very detailed.
Oh Jesus,
I call her free.
I thank you that they find her.
I thank you that they find this little
girl. They find these people.
I thank you, Father,
that you're working on our behalf right
now.
We call them free tonight.
We
send angels there to help them.
Send angels there to help them Lord.
We call them free tonight in Jesus
name.
That
this stops, that this barbarian
act stops.
They stop this.
I thank you that the hand of the Lord is
on
behalf of this. The hand of the Lord
is coming against them. We
thank you
Lord.
Thank you Lord
that you protect the boats, you protect
the cruise ships, you protect
these boats full of people.
We thank you, Father,
that every plan, every plot of the
wicked,
Father, that they will be exposed,
that
Father, they'll not use drones,
they'll
not use anything that would
cause mass casualties
ainst
our
nation.
People say, "Well, Brandon,
they're a sovereign nation. That's
America. They have a right to
defend
themselves."The
Lord is liberating people
that have been bound
by dictators
and poverty. And God wants to turn it
around. There's intentions
on both sides, but this is bigger
because
we're running out of
time.
It's about getting the gospel preached
to
every
ear.
Couldn't it happen another way? Not
by that witchcraft guy up there. He's
trying to block everything of what I've
seen.
He needs to be removed. He's evil.
And God's going to bring in better
leadership.
Good leadership.
Not people that are dictators and
tyrants.
To have a free election, to have a free
economy, a blessed economy.
To come out and have a hope.
That Latinos will have the greatest
revival that the world has ever seen.
I'm telling you, we're going to see it.
All hidden things be revealed. All
hindrances be removed
in the name of Jesus.
And we believe that tonight.
Thank you, Lord,
that
Father, this will start with the
greatest move we've ever seen.
People rejoicing, people excited.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
Praise you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus, for liberation, for
setting the people free. Liberty.
Liberty.
We pray over our oil rigs.
Tuttle,
Houston,
Louisiana
all around.
We pray over oil refineries, gas
refineries,
propane, all our major
railroads,
trucks, whatever it may be. We pray over
every kind of transit device that would
go from sea to shining sea. Father,
that America will not have any
terrorist-related
attacks in our nation. Father,
we pray over President Trump, over his
mind, that he does not have a reprobate
mind, that he is
not listening to
carnal-thinking
people, that
they're led by the spirit of the Lord.
We pray over him that he is led by the
spirit of the Lord,
that he takes no counsel from the
ungodly,
that's even in his inner circle;
that you bring up men and women around
him that have integrity and have a
backbone like a crowbar that will stand
for what's right. Our
Constitution,
our Bill of Rights.
We pray against the 25th Amendment,
that it will not happen.
We thank you, Lord, that he will finish
his race.
There'll not be a coup or a 25th
Amendment against him.
We thank you, Lord, that he's able to
finish his race. And Father, we lift him
up and bring him across the finish line
in the name of Jesus, that he has
strength and wind in his sail. But
Father, he'll keep the main thing the
main thing and he'll not get prideful.
He'll keep his eyes going
vertical and he will not go horizontal
and get arrogant and inflated with
pride. He humbles himself before the
mighty hand of God. And I believe,
Father, that you will sustain him and
keep him in the name of Jesus as he
lifts your holy name up, for you will
share your glory with no one.
And we pray over Rubio and over JD
Vance and over Byron and over
Mike Lindell and all these others.
Father, we pray a hedge of protection
over our
midterms, that it will be a red wave
of good leadership
in the Senate, in the House, in the
governors, in the mayors.
We call a red wave over this nation
in the name of Jesus. And Lord, let it
be a red wave, a tidal wave of the blood
of Jesus covering it from the top of our
head to the soles of our feet. A major
revival is over you and me. We believe
it.
Do
you believe that?
We pray over the elections now.
We've
got June, July, August, September,
October, and then the first of November. Less
than five
months.
We call a turnaround
in the economy, a turnaround over
things.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
We call a turnaround
in
Jesus'name.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord, for your name is great and
greatly to be praised. I sing
praises to your name,
oh Lord. Praises to your
name, oh Lord.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you for this time of prayer
tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that we see change.
We'll see results in the news of what
we've been praying.
And Father, the best is yet to come
for every single one of us. And
we give all the glory to you, Father, in
the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Well,
I feel good about it. And so we'll come
back again tomorrow.
We'll keep praying. We'll keep lifting
up the nations. And we're so thankful
for every single one of you that came
out to pray tonight. I know, I don't
think it's too late.
It's not too bad.
You have enough to
go to bed.
It's pretty late;
it's time to go to bed.
Well, God bless you all.
It
isn't
time to go to bed. It's time to
go to bed. You can
go to bed. A lot of you are going to bed.
It's
already almost
midnight
on the East Coast. So God bless
you all. We'll see you again tomorrow.
Thank you for joining us. Remember, put
a smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. God bless you all and we'll
see you again. Bye-bye.